# E-Student-Diary


## Table of Contents:

1. System purpose.

2. Information collected by the system.

3. Information generated by the system.

4. Technology.

5. Project status.
 
6. Inspiration.

7. App author.


### Application features:

1. Purpose of Application:

  Application is intended to perform basic function of collecting information about student grades which can be entered in the range of 1 to 6 and 1+ to 5+. It can     generate statistics based on high and low grades, grades averages and provide grades summary.
 
 
2. Information collected by the system:
 
  Application stores information about students such as First Name, Surname, Age and obtained grades.


3. Information generated by the system:

  Application allows you to prepare two reports. First one is based on entered grades and the second one is including infomation such as time and date when the grades   have been enetered.


4. Technology:
 
  Electronic student diary is written in C# with Windows Form in .Net 6.


5. Project status:
 
  Application is under development. There will be further functionalities such as creating a list of students with the option for adding more and creating a subject     list. Application will have the ability to add more data as well as print reports.


6. Inspiration:
 
  Application was created based on completion of the training which has been prepared by Adam Kamizelich Software - https://edu.gotoit.pl/


7. Author of the application:

  Adam Wisniewski

  adamawisniewskiego@gmail.com;
  https://www.facebook.com/adam.wisniewski.334;
